Copyright © 1997-2001 The JX Group. All rights reserved. 

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this library in the file "COPYING".  If not, write to the
Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA
02111-1307 USA.


Linking JX statically or dynamically with other modules is making a
combined work based on JX.  Thus, the terms and conditions of the GNU
General Public License cover the whole combination.

As a special exception, the copyright holders of JX give you
permission to link JX with independent modules that communicate with
JX solely through the provided interface components, regardless of the license
terms of these independent modules, and to copy and distribute the
resulting combined work under terms of your choice, provided that
every copy of the combined work is accompanied by a complete copy of
the source code of JX (the version of JX used to produce the
combined work), being distributed under the terms of the GNU General
Public License plus this exception.  An independent module is a module
which is not derived from or based on JX.

Note that people who make modified versions of JX are not obligated
to grant this special exception for their modified versions; it is
their choice whether to do so.  The GNU General Public License gives
permission to release a modified version without this exception; this
exception also makes it possible to release a modified version which
carries forward this exception.



